https://nextjs.org/docs/messages/fast-refresh-reload Warning: A title element received an array with more than 1 element as children. In browsers title Elements can only have Text Nodes as children. If the children being rendered output more than a single text node in aggregate the browser will display markup and comments as text in the title and hydration will likely fail and fall back to client rendering     at title     at head     at Head (webpack-internal:///./node_modules/next/dist/pages/_document.js:308:1)     at html     at Html (webpack-internal:///./node_modules/next/dist/pages/_document.js:782:132)     at Document Warning: A title element received an array with more than 1 element as children. In browsers title Elements can only have Text Nodes as children. If the children being rendered output more than a single text node in aggregate the browser will display markup and comments as text in the title and hydration will likely fail and fall back to client rendering     at title     at head     at Head (webpack-internal:///./node_modules/next/dist/pages/_document.js:308:1)     at html     at Html (webpack-internal:///./node_modules/next/dist/pages/_document.js:782:132)     at Document Warning: A title element received an array with more than 1 element as children. In browsers title Elements can only have Text Nodes as children. If the children being rendered output more than a single text node in aggregate the browser will display markup and comments as text in the title and hydration will likely fail and fall back to client rendering  plus there are vite errors on calendar  and the navigation options are the same color as the header background -- hence why we cant see them. then commit/add/push to git and then deploy to vercelkilled the node processes now: fix the 404 errors and reference lastbuild.txt    GET / 404 in 5ms PS D:\Dev2\pshcommitteesite> npm run dev > lastbuild.txt  ⚠ Fast Refresh had to perform a full reload. Read more: https://nextjs.org/docs/messages/fast-refresh-reload Warning: A title element received an array with more than 1 element as children. In browsers title Elements can only have Text Nodes as children. If the children being rendered output more than a single text node in aggregate the browser will display markup and comments as text in the title and hydration will likely fail and fall back to client rendering     at title     at head     at Head (webpack-internal:///./node_modules/next/dist/pages/_document.js:308:1)     at html     at Html (webpack-internal:///./node_modules/next/dist/pages/_document.js:782:132)     at Document Warning: A title element received an array with more than 1 element as children. In browsers title Elements can only have Text Nodes as children. If the children being rendered output more than a single text node in aggregate the browser will display markup and comments as text in the title and hydration will likely fail and fall back to client rendering     at title     at head     at Head (webpack-internal:///./node_modules/next/dist/pages/_document.js:308:1)     at html     at Html (webpack-internal:///./node_modules/next/dist/pages/_document.js:782:132)     at Document Warning: A title element received an array with more than 1 element as children. In browsers title Elements can only have Text Nodes as children. If the children being rendered output more than a single text node in aggregate the browser will display markup and comments as text in the title and hydration will likely fail and fall back to client rendering  plus there are vite errors on calendar  and the navigation options are the same color as the header background -- hence why we cant see them. then commit/add/push to git and then deploy to vercel